The six sounds in the row of ku, su, ts, fu, mu, ru, no
are cast aside by the vowel u, which is in the sound of each sound,
and pronounced as a single sound.
In other words, in the sound of ku, the sound is not sakura, but sakura,
and the sound is not ongaku, but ongaku.
In the sound of su, it is not kasuka, but kasuka,
and it is not sukoshi, but sukoshi.
In the sound of ts, it is not hatsuka, but hatsuka,
and it is not natsugusa, but natsugusa.
In the sound of fu, it is not fukusa, but fukusa,
and it is not yofuuke, but yofuuke.
In the sound of mu, it is not kanmuri, but kanmuri,
and it is not samusa, but samusa.
In the sound of ru, it is not uruushi, but uruushi,
and it is not karusa, but karusa.
The above is the same as the sound of dakuan.
Also, the sound of shi in sanyo is the same as this.
It is not shiro, but shiro,
and it is not kasik, but kasik.
In the art of drawing, apart from the special things such as gankutsu and ganyi,
it is correct to pronounce everything as dakuan that is attached to the nose.
In other words, it is not sanagara, but sanagara,
it is not sugiyuku, but sugiyuku,
it is not suguni, but suguni,
it is not kage, but kage,
it is not konogoro, but konogoro.
The sound of fu is usually followed by fu,
but I think the pronunciation of hu is correct by the narrow
sound of fu.
It is not the sound of fu, but the combination of fu and li.
In other words,
ra li ru re ro
If you pronounce it with aru,
ra ri ru re ro
If you pronounce it with el,